Add a note about data-quality and intermittent issues (fixes #410) (#437)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/concepts/analysis_gotchas.md

[telem]: https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/index.html

### Intermittent issues

Sometimes, despite our efforts, there are problems with the ingestion of data or the faithful creation of datasets.

> Ongoing issues of this kind are marked with the `[data-quality]` whiteboard tag in Bugzilla. Here's [a list](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=UNCONFIRMED&bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&bug_status=REOPENED&classification=Client%20Software&classification=Developer%20Infrastructure&classification=Components&classification=Server%20Software&classification=Other&priority=P1&priority=P2&priority=P3&priority=--&product=Data%20Platform%20and%20Tools&resolution=---&status_whiteboard=%5Bdata-quality%5D&status_whiteboard_type=allwordssubstr&list_id=15179084) of presently open issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ongoing issues of this kind are marked with the `[data-quality]` whiteboard tag in Bugzilla. See [currently open issues](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/buglist.cgi?bug_status=UNCONFIRMED&bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&bug_status=REOPENED&classification=Client%20Software&classification=Developer%20Infrastructure&classification=Components&classification=Server%20Software&classification=Other&priority=P1&priority=P2&priority=P3&priority=--&product=Data%20Platform%20and%20Tools&resolution=---&status_whiteboard=%5Bdata-quality%5D&status_whiteboard_type=allwordssubstr&list_id=15179084).
```
